Welcome to Hookshot Heroes!

In a realm shrouded in mystery, Lidia, Shura, brave and determined heroines,
embarks on a perilous journey. Drawn by the allure of hidden treasures
and ancient secrets, they fearlessly enter the dungeons. Empowered by the
legendary "hookshot," a grappling hook that fused to her arm, Lidia defies
danger and navigates treacherous terrain. With each triumph over enemies
and the acquisition of precious loot, she inches closer to the ultimate prize.
Driven by unwavering bravery, Lidia's quest for glory unfolds as she unravels
the depths of the dungeons, leaving an indelible mark upon the annals of
Eldoria's history.

Instructions:

Player One: Use 'W', 'S', 'D' and 'A' to move Linda around the dungeon.
Use 'X' to fire the 'hookshot'

Player Two: Use the arrow keys to move Shura around the dungeon
Use '.' to fire the 'hookshot'
    The hookshot can be used to:
        - jump over the lava
        - to collect items
        - destroy bombs
        - attack enemies
    Be careful though, as the hookshot only has a limited range.

Collect coins to increase your score
Open treasurers to boost your score
Collect plant baskets for extra lives
Collision with bombs, results in a loss of life
Landing in the lava, results in a loss of life

Single Player Mode:

Navigate the dungeons solo, collecting as many coins and treasure, as quickly as
you can to complete the game with the best score.

Double Player Mode:

You and a friend will compete against each other to see who can get the highest
score. Pick between collecting coins or opening chests or getting to the exit
the fastest. The first player to the exit will end the level for both players.
Level knowledge, speed and tactics, will help you secure the win.

Quest Mode:

Help Ava escape the Dungeon. This can be played either in Single or Double player.
Ava will follow you and your friend. Watch over and guide her through the dungeons.

Game Options:

- Change from Single Player Mode to Double Player Mode
- Enable / Disable music